Akahige

http://frdcsa.org/frdcsa/internal/akahige

"To avoid the subject and not face it directly is what I would call pessimism."

Shoestring public health

Akahige is a free medical assistant and an "AI Physician" to be used
when a physician is unavailable.  It will contain an expert system for
diagnosing medical problems.  In this way otherwise unavailable
medical knowledge may be brought to bear.  It also makes use of folk
medicinal knowledge.  Together, RSR/Gourmet/Akahige provide a robust
record mechanism with which to determine empirically the effectiveness
of various remedies (evidence-based medicine?).  The diagnosis system
immediately wraps into an execution component.  For instance if
someone is in need of emergency assistance like CPR, Akahige provides
interactive instruction.  A large set of SOPs and COAs are stored and
if interested or necessary may be taught to people using CLEAR.

The goal of Akahige is a free medical assistance.  This is achieved in
the form of a expert system for diagnosing various medical ailments,
and prescribing remedies.  Integration with RSR helps pin causal
factors.

Akahige is an important factor and may be a critical component in the
battle against major pandemics.  Although this may be a bold
statement, what is certain is that mankind's battle against disease is
a battle between two forms of life.  The virus utilizes its physical
structure and mutation in order to outsmart the defenses of mankind.
Mankind, on the otherhand, utilizes his conscious experience of the
world to direct solutions.  While people may conceive of fighting a
disease as a labratory job, programs that help people act in ways that
reduce the potential for spread are just as important!  If Akahige is
able to disseminate new data around the world's networks to all the
population, rich or poor, it will be able to recognize symptoms,
suggest courses of action, etc.  In conjunction with other tools, it
can help to increase the consciousness and situational awareness in
the battle against disease.